# CSS Variables

## Default variables

All Custom properties that can be customized. The default values are shown below.

```css
:root {
  --hs-delay: 0ms;
  --hs-easing: var(--hs-ease-out);
  --hs-duration: 600ms;
  --hs-ease-in: cubic-bezier(0.4, 0, 1, 1);
  --hs-ease-in-out: cubic-bezier(0.4, 0, 0.2, 1);
  --hs-ease-out: cubic-bezier(0, 0, 0.2, 1);
  --hs-ease-out-back: cubic-bezier(0.34, 1.56, 0.64, 1);
  --hs-opacity: 1;
  --hs-translate-y: 0;
  --hs-translate-x: 0;
  --hs-scale: 1;
  --hs-rotate: 0deg;
  --hs-perspective: 0;
  --hs-rotate-x: 0deg;
  --hs-rotate-y: 0deg;
  --hs-skew-x: 0deg;
  --hs-skew-y: 0deg;
  --hs-translate-ratio: 1;
  --hs-scale-ratio: 0.2;
  --hs-duration-ratio: 1;
  --hs-translate-x-amount: 2rem;
  --hs-translate-y-amount: 3rem;
  --hs-flip-x-amount: 100deg;
  --hs-flip-y-amount: -100deg;
  --hs-perspective-amount: 2000px;
  --hs-stagger-amount: 100ms;
  --hs-skew-amount: 20deg;
  --hs-reveal-amount: 100%;
  --hs-blur: 0;
  --hs-blur-amount: 8px;
}
```

## Responsive variables

You can customize the default variables by overriding them in your CSS. You can also use media queries to change the values depending on the screen size.

```css
:root {
  --hs-duration: 0.4s;
  --hs-easing: ease-in-out;
  --hs-translate-x-amount: 2.5rem;
}

@media (min-width: 768px) {
  :root {
    --hs-duration: 0.6s;
    --hs-easing: ease-in;
    --hs-translate-x-amount: 4rem;
  }
}
```

## `--hs-delay`

Delay before the animation starts.

- Default: `0ms`

## `--hs-easing`

Easing function to use for the animation.

- Default: `var(--hs-ease-out)`

HumbleScroll comes with 4 easing options out of the box, but you can easily overwrite or create your own.

```css
  --hs-ease-in: cubic-bezier(0.4, 0, 1, 1);
  --hs-ease-in-out: cubic-bezier(0.4, 0, 0.2, 1);
  --hs-ease-out: cubic-bezier(0, 0, 0.2, 1);
  --hs-ease-out-back: cubic-bezier(0.34, 1.56, 0.64, 1);
```

## `--hs-duration`

Duration of the animation.

- Default: `600ms`

## `--hs-opacity`

Opacity of the element at the start of the animation.

- Default: `1`

## `--hs-translate-x`

Amount to translate the element on the x-axis at the end of the animation.

- Default: `0`

## `--hs-translate-y`

Amount to translate the element on the y-axis at the end of the animation.

- Default: `0`

## `--hs-scale`

Amount to scale the element at the start of the animation.

- Default: `1`

## `--hs-rotate`

Amount to rotate the element at the start of the animation.

- Default: `0deg`

## `--hs-perspective`

Perspective of the element. Mainly used for animations like flip.

- Default: `0`

## `--hs-rotate-x`

Amount to rotate the element on the x-axis at the start of the animation.

- Default: `0deg`

## `--hs-rotate-y`

Amount to rotate the element on the y-axis at the start of the animation.

- Default: `0deg`

## `--hs-skew-x`

Amount to skew the element on the x-axis at the start of the animation.

- Default: `0deg`

## `--hs-skew-y`

Amount to skew the element on the y-axis at the start of the animation.

- Default: `0deg`

## `--hs-translate-ratio`

Ratio to use for the translate animation. This number is multiplied by the size of the animation.

- Default: `1`

## `--hs-scale-ratio`

Ratio to use for the scale animation. This number is multiplied by the size of the animation.

- Default: `0.2`

## `--hs-duration-ratio`

Ratio to use for the duration of the animation. This number is multiplied by the speed of the animation.

- Default: `1`

## `--hs-translate-x-amount`

Amount to translate the element on the x-axis at the start of the animation. Used for slide animations.

- Default: `2rem`

## `--hs-translate-y-amount`

Amount to translate the element on the y-axis at the start of the animation. Used for slide animations.

- Default: `3rem`

## `--hs-flip-x-amount`

Amount to rotate the element on the x-axis at the start of the animation. Used for flip animations.

- Default: `100deg`

## `--hs-flip-y-amount`

Amount to rotate the element on the y-axis at the start of the animation. Used for flip animations.

- Default: `-100deg`

## `--hs-perspective-amount`

Perspective of the element. Mainly used for animations like flip.

- Default: `2000px`

## `--hs-stagger-amount`

Amount to stagger the animation. Used for stagger animations.

- Default: `100ms`

## `--hs-skew-amount`

Amount to skew the element at the start of the animation. Used for skew animations.

- Default: `20deg`

## `--hs-reveal-amount`

Amount to reveal the element. Used for reveal animations.

- Default: `100%`

## `--hs-blur`

Amount to blur the element at the start of the animation. Used for blur animations.

- Default: `0`

## `--hs-blur-amount`

Amount to blur the element at the start of the animation. Used for blur animations.

- Default: `8px`

